# Viridis™ Client Alpha 07 Release Notes

To install this version, download the Zip file and expand contents in a folder. 
If you have an older version installed, you can override the contents of that folder with this new version.

Menu Functions
--------------
1. Home - _incomplete_
2. Horticultural Browse - mostly working
3. Botanical Browse - mostly working
4. Search - mostly working
5. My Plants - _not implemented yet_
6. Diary - _not implemented yet_
7. Todo - _not implemented yet_
8. Viewed History - working
9. Settings - _not implemented yet_
10. Account - _not implemented yet_

New in this release
-------------------
- Searching
  - Improved searching. Fuzzy search means spelling mistakes are tolerated, especially with botanical names.
  - Can search people, places and glossary.
  - Can see list of plants associated to people, places and glossary terms
- Plant display
  - glossary and location hyperlinks work
  - tooltip for certain badges
- Full navigation history
- Menu no longer obscured in detail photo view

Work in progress
----------------
- Searching 
  - Filters by horticultural group
  - No search suggestions yet.
  - Scroll position not saved
- Plant display 
  - No hyperlink for people.
  - Copy and paste only works on textual descriptions.
  - Scroll position not saved

Known Issues
------------
- Search filter not updated during restart
- Search hint still displays when there is text in search box
- Data curation - there are a few data curation issues. If you find any data issues, please log them in the issue register link below.
  - A few horticultuculte browse categories are blank - WIP.
  - A few photos may be tagged to incorrect plants. 
  - A few photos may have incorrect captions.
  - A few plants may have incorrect descriptions.
  - A few orchid hybrids are missing parents.
  - A ton of hybrids and cultivards to be loaded.
  - A few missing natural species to be loaded.
  - Nb. Plants with no photos - this is "by design", as one of the purposes of Viridis™ is to _eventually_ allow users to upload photos of plants.
  - Nb2. Plants with little or no descriptions - once again, this is "by design", as _eventually_ users will be able to upload plant descriptions.
- Display issues
  - Certain plant families do not display any description, but does gave list of genera
- Error handling is not user friendly. 

If you find any new issues or have suggestions, please enter them in the issue register - https://github.com/dennis-cs-chuah/viridis-client/issues
